Wei Zheng: Okay. Oh, that, is it recording? Is it recording? Oh, yeah, it's a recording, yeah, yeah.
Wei Zheng: So, I'm sorry, I'm recently a little busy, and yeah, I just wonder.
Duy Nguyen: You're very busy here.
Wei Zheng: Oh, what?
Wei Zheng: What is… because now it's only about 10 days left. I just wonder what… what we can come out.
Wei Zheng: And, I think before you try to simulate the… the… what? Try to…
Wei Zheng: Try to establish the knowledge graph that can establish the relations, that identify The identity, right?
Duy Nguyen: And you see, the identity, and the…
Wei Zheng: I don't know, do they have the relation, or the original publication, they have the relation or not? But anyway, they have some identity, original publication.
Wei Zheng: And, how this now? Is any, any… we said before, we said that you try to do, interactive, iterative.
Duy Nguyen: Yes.
Wei Zheng: So, what's the, what's current, what's current the situation?
Duy Nguyen: My… right now, my direction is, like.
Duy Nguyen: The knowledge graph first, and then the agent second, and then verification loop.
Duy Nguyen: for the… for the zero step.
Duy Nguyen: is… it's gonna be, like, human input, so… so… like…
Duy Nguyen: And then for the step one, we will build the knowledge graph.
Duy Nguyen: from, Graph, rack, and… the… the… Step 2 is, like, the… Quality Gate, validator.
Duy Nguyen: And then, the multi-agent, the lan chain, land graph, And… And for the last step, It's like…
Duy Nguyen: Scale up into, 28… Paper.
Duy Nguyen: And for the idea, for the idea for, multi-AI Asian,
Duy Nguyen: I'm gonna do, like, the ontology.
Duy Nguyen: We will keep the schema in rule, and… and then the extraction agent, the… the graph rack.
Duy Nguyen: Index 10… And then, typing… validator… Asian…
Wei Zheng: No, okay. Now you talk about the architecture, right?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, that's okay.
Wei Zheng: I talked about what's the result for your first iterative
Wei Zheng: Regarding that original, we talked about, we try to let them identify entity. We need to define an entity.
Wei Zheng: And then we let them to identify entity and see whether, via identification, Well, Eid.
Wei Zheng: Whether their identification of entity, from this, from this publication, is,
Wei Zheng: That can match… that can match what the author Identification.
Wei Zheng: Have you tried that?
Wei Zheng: I think before, you already tried once, is that?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, let me try one.
Wei Zheng: Can you do the second, second trial or third trial and see the result is close to what we, what the author
Wei Zheng: Present all what we like.
Duy Nguyen: Actually, I'm not gonna try the second, because for the, for the last week, I sick for the whole, whole last week.
Duy Nguyen: So I'm not gonna do, every too much.
Wei Zheng: What you… well, do not… every 2 months? What… when…
Duy Nguyen: I'm not gonna do, I'm not doing very too much for the last week.
Wei Zheng: So, what's the current do you have? Now…
Wei Zheng: So, what kind of result do we have now, so far?
Duy Nguyen: For right now, I have the… the version 4, the… 2004, like,
Duy Nguyen: I, I improved the entity, and improve the relationship.
Wei Zheng: Do the author, did the author have those kind of things?
Wei Zheng: Did the author do those kind of things or not?
Wei Zheng: So, what we will present in that draft paper? Of course, we need to have the architecture. We need to have the method.
Wei Zheng: And then we need to present the result.
Wei Zheng: And also, And also, we need to incorporate what you did before.
Wei Zheng: Have you tried that, you already developed that framework to search literature, is that?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah.
Wei Zheng: Have you tried that? Let that… I think you must do that. You have to do that. You change criteria.
Wei Zheng: Of that search.
Wei Zheng: And also, you try to set up the… the scope!
Wei Zheng: within the scope of that author's scope. Because also, when they make the publication, when they try to search literature, you know what I mean? So, they are published two years ago, you know? I'm not sure, said.
Wei Zheng: If their publication was published 2 years ago, okay? And then their literature search should be probably about another 1 year.
Wei Zheng: a hat.
Wei Zheng: So, that means we will… Set up the same criteria as the author.
Wei Zheng: set up. I think also, when you do the literature search, they have some criteria.
Duy Nguyen: Yeah.
Wei Zheng: And then, we have the cut of time.
Wei Zheng: At the same cut of time of the author did.
Wei Zheng: Say, 2 years ago, and then plus 1 year, plus 3 years ago. Our cut-off time is…
Wei Zheng: Before.
Wei Zheng: That's 3 years ago.
Wei Zheng: - you know what I mean?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah.
Wei Zheng: And is that?
Wei Zheng: And also, he probably mentioned where they searched, is that? What database, what journal they searched, is I? Did they mention that? They should mention that, is that?
Wei Zheng: And then you put those similar to what they did, and then you do the search.
Wei Zheng: You let your engine do the search. And also, your engine
Wei Zheng: Not engine. Whatever you already developed.
Duy Nguyen: Well, be PARB.
Wei Zheng: Of our model.
Wei Zheng: You see what I mean?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah.
Duy Nguyen: That's right.
Wei Zheng: So, you need to provide all those information. And also, first, you set up this criteria and do the search. I don't know the… the Mac let you do something, but I… because I… originally, I asked him to.
Duy Nguyen: Yeah.
Wei Zheng: But I don't know…
Duy Nguyen: I already, received the email. Yeah, I already received his email.
Wei Zheng: Okay, but I… but I suppose… no, I… because that's why I… I asked you to handle that to him. I… actually, I want him to do that. But anyway, you know what it means, right? So…
Wei Zheng: You will set up your… You also, you need, what?
Wei Zheng: We will do that later, but first, you will set up the search criteria.
Duy Nguyen: Yeah. Exactly.
Wei Zheng: as the search, and then at the C, whether you can come out, the literature is close to the
Wei Zheng: Whatever they identified, about, what, 28 or something like that?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah.
Wei Zheng: You know what I mean?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, I understand that.
Wei Zheng: Honestly?
Wei Zheng: After you got to row 28, And then you do whatever.
Wei Zheng: They try to do.
Wei Zheng: And I don't know, do they have a knowledge graph? Or they, at least, they try, they probably, they do not have the mention.
Wei Zheng: They may not mention they do the knowledge graph, but whatever, they do the literature review as
Wei Zheng: they do the literature review itself. It's kind of the same. Like,
Wei Zheng: Establish some knowledge base, is that?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah.
Wei Zheng: And then, based on this knowledge base, I don't know, they try to identify
Wei Zheng: the, the, the big, big concept, or big entity, you know what I mean?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, the entity is a big concern.
Wei Zheng: Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then the definer, and then… Then you use your second…
Wei Zheng: What call that? Google, Microsoft, I don't know.
Duy Nguyen: Microsoft, graph app.
Wei Zheng: And then, that's your second, that's your second, yeah. Second layer, okay.
Wei Zheng: Get your search.
Duy Nguyen: Yes.
Wei Zheng: Second layer is knowledge graph, or whatever, and then… Okay, for the first part.
Wei Zheng: For first, the knowledge, for the first literature search, you will come out some results, and then we will compare.
Wei Zheng: your search result. You, you identify!
Wei Zheng: You set up the criteria.
Wei Zheng: just do the screen of the literature, is that? And then, you will use the same criteria, the author.
Wei Zheng: how used No, no, you know what I mean? The arts are…
Duy Nguyen: Good.
Wei Zheng: The… the… based on literature search, the… Screen out of about 28.
Wei Zheng: You know what? Publication. And see, if you specify And let's see, how much?
Wei Zheng: You got, and how close, what you got?
Duy Nguyen: what I got, yeah.
Wei Zheng: Compared to…
Duy Nguyen: Yeah.
Wei Zheng: Also, God, you see?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah. That's the first one.
Wei Zheng: The second one… And then, we… we just use their identified 28.
Wei Zheng: Okay?
Wei Zheng: as our, what, as our feed to the, Microsoft, whatever, knowledge graph, building that?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah.
Wei Zheng: On his end?
Wei Zheng: What kind of process we need to use to let them learn, let them to identify the entity that can match.
Wei Zheng: What the author has obtained.
Wei Zheng: That is the second comparison.
Duy Nguyen: Okay.
Wei Zheng: At least you need to come out with the result, and then make the comparison.
Duy Nguyen: I promise I will, like, complete,
Duy Nguyen: by fri… by this… this Friday.
Wei Zheng: That jut truck!
Duy Nguyen: He's weird.
Wei Zheng: you try to do your best, because… and also, we need God's… we try to… we need to try to make this accepted, okay?
Duy Nguyen: Yep.
Wei Zheng: Whenever you have time, okay, I just said, whenever you have time, you just try to do… try to do that, because that is the… because I think that's also your interest, but also we believe this is relatively new, and also.
Wei Zheng: we can extend it to other fields. That will be your project. Have you talked to Dr. Wang?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, I talked to Dr. Wang.
Duy Nguyen: But… I think… the sponsor, Dr. Wang, doesn't matter, but… .
Wei Zheng: You need to come up with results, you need to come up with a project.
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, but I have to, like, talk with the instructor, the two instructors from that course, that courses, and they're not allowed.
Duy Nguyen: They…
Wei Zheng: do now, Allah?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, they, they do overlap.
Duy Nguyen: They just want me to, like, to do the simple thing.
Duy Nguyen: to, like, day, because I just have 2 months left.
Duy Nguyen: For the senior project. And they don't want me to, like, the…
Duy Nguyen: The code will not run, or, like, they just want me to build a simple thing, and… and want me to, like.
Wei Zheng: You can make this a simple part. You can take one of this part as… But anyway…
Wei Zheng: You can make this as a simple part.
Wei Zheng: as the project. You can take any part as the simple part as the project.
Wei Zheng: I don't know what they mean. They do not allow you to do this. Because whatever, you can take any part.
Wei Zheng: any part, it's just like you make this… this is the many steps. You can… any… just make this…
Wei Zheng: One of the steps as your project.
Wei Zheng: That's a symbol, you know what I mean?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah. I talked with…
Duy Nguyen: I talked with my instructor for the course, and they really want me to do, like, the website, the simple website, or, like, the simple app, the application.
Wei Zheng: That is why you crawl, you do the database, that is why it's also qualified that.
Wei Zheng: The first one you did, that is do the database, do the… what's called a web crawl.
Duy Nguyen: Yeah.
Duy Nguyen: But, actually, I… I talk with the instructor, from my idea for what I do for the web scripting, but they… they… they talked to me that, it's not, like, meet the requirement for this course.
Duy Nguyen: I don't know why, but they want me to do, like, the website, not… not, like, the… the…
Wei Zheng: What do they want you to do? What type of thing they want you to do?
Duy Nguyen: the instructor, they want me to do, like, the website, something like the restaurant, or something like anything, but it's not for, like, the AI, the machine learning, the LM.
Wei Zheng: Do you develop a website?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah.
Duy Nguyen: I don't know why, but they want me to do that.
Wei Zheng: So, website… what… the website can do what?
Duy Nguyen: like…
Duy Nguyen: like, the restaurant website with the, the, the, the chatbot, it, it can, like, answer the, any information. I, like, like, recommend and suggestion, the, the.
Wei Zheng: No, no, okay, okay, I understand. How about the course? Could you do something about the specific course?
Wei Zheng: like the chatbot for the course, the student can ask the chatbot about this course, what this course is for, what textbook, and what's the difficult.
Duy Nguyen: Oh, cool! Young.
Wei Zheng: They can do that.
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, I can do that, yeah.
Wei Zheng: Yeah, then we can develop some chat vote about the specific cause.
Duy Nguyen: Okay.
Wei Zheng: I can provide a material regarding a particular course, and then…
Duy Nguyen: Actually, I have another project, a previous project, academic, Advisor…
Wei Zheng: Yeah, yeah, yeah, you mentioned that. I think that is the goal is,
Wei Zheng: Dr. Wang, you buy? Dr. Wang, let's do this kind of thing?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, yeah. Dr. Wang.
Wei Zheng: Did this kind of thing, right?
Duy Nguyen: Yes.
Duy Nguyen: He willing to, like, sponsor for me, but…
Duy Nguyen: For this call… for these courses.
Duy Nguyen: the instructor want me to, like, I have to do it by myself, and that's my, my, my, my, my project. And Dr. Wang just, like.
Duy Nguyen: The person…
Wei Zheng: I saw, or do I say?
Duy Nguyen: verify my… the… the thing I… I do.
Wei Zheng: Okay, I just say, yeah, if you do, you can do… instead of do the restaurant, you do the, of course.
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, the cost, yeah, the cost. Yeah, cool.
Wei Zheng: You do a course, I can provide information regarding all the courses.
Wei Zheng: It basically just says the student want to learn about background of course, just like what the course will be related to the future practice, and what kind of key concept.
Wei Zheng: You already did something for that, is that?
Duy Nguyen: I already did, yeah. Like, I… I collect the data, and then… put it… in the API.
Duy Nguyen: And… the, the, the deep-seq API.
Wei Zheng: Okay, oh, DeepSeek API, okay. You use the API, you use DeepSeek to answer the question, something like that?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, because it's free.
Wei Zheng: Yeah, yeah. But, but, but now…
Wei Zheng: But now we can hire them to do that,
Wei Zheng: To do that, graph rack.
Wei Zheng: You do the same thing. Whenever I ask the equation, whenever we try to retrieve, retrieve equation, retrieve knowledge, you can pass on the… what? RIG.
Duy Nguyen: Yeah.
Wei Zheng: And also, you…
Wei Zheng: And also, the thing is similar, it's similar. You just give them all the material. They will try to establish the knowledge graph, and then the best knowledge graph, they will answer the question.
Duy Nguyen: Okay.
Wei Zheng: You know what? Because when you ask a question, there's a lot of ways to retrieve the information.
Wei Zheng: You don't know what I mean?
Duy Nguyen: Yes.
Wei Zheng: Just like a quad, just like a chair boat.
Wei Zheng: There are many ways to retrieve. Traditional… traditionally, they have many ways to retrieve, but now the new thing.
Duy Nguyen: I have the idea, yeah.
Wei Zheng: Is the graph retrieve? You can combine, you know what I mean?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah.
Wei Zheng: You can combine graph retrieve compared to traditional, whatever, what you did before, what kind of retrieval you did before.
Wei Zheng: You can, you can combine them together.
Duy Nguyen: Yes, sir.
Wei Zheng: But still, you can use a knowledge graph.
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, I think I will use the knowledge to grab.
Wei Zheng: You know, I mean, you can use whatever you did here.
Wei Zheng: But essentially, it's what? This approach is very fundamental. This can apply in any field. So that means… I mean, you just, try to do this, and then once you… just like we feed now, we feed them with the…
Wei Zheng: 28 publications. Then they will try to
Wei Zheng: established those kind of things, and then they try to retrieve, to predict, you know what I mean?
Wei Zheng: Amazon?
Wei Zheng: You also can take the course material, you know what I mean?
Wei Zheng: The exam!
Wei Zheng: Problem.
Wei Zheng: And then you put them together, and then students will ask, what course it's about, what kind of problem usually they can have, and what kind of example.
Duy Nguyen: I will.
Wei Zheng: What kind of excise they can have. Then, you can generate it, you know what I mean? Based on those databases, they can generate it, any, any problem or question.
Wei Zheng: large student to exile, you know what I mean? And also, eventually, we can have a student check it.
Duy Nguyen: Okay, I will do that. I… I will.
Wei Zheng: So that is okay for… For your instructor.
Duy Nguyen: Actually, I still have to talk with them, because for the last week.
Duy Nguyen: I talk with them any idea for my idea, but…
Duy Nguyen: They reject everything. I don't know why.
Wei Zheng: You talk about this, you talk about this.
Duy Nguyen: Okay.
Wei Zheng: You talk about this. You said, you said before you did this kind of thing, you just want to build up.
Duy Nguyen: Cuz…
Wei Zheng: you try to build up what you did before, and then you try to make it more… more… use more advanced technology. You probably can talk about… you do not talk about projects for this, you just talk about the course.
Duy Nguyen: Okay, yeah, my idea, yeah, okay.
Wei Zheng: So, basically, you just said, we have the example problem, we have the homework problem, we have the quiz,
Wei Zheng: We have a quiz problem, we have the exam problem, and then whatever you will… you will… you will build this with the… with the textbook.
Wei Zheng: And eventually, if the student asks what kind of problem they can have, and then you can make up the problem.
Wei Zheng: And also prepare the right answer for them.
Duy Nguyen: Yeah.
Wei Zheng: Okay, okay.
Wei Zheng: Okay.
Wei Zheng: But, but, but anyway… And, Anna now, I, I think,
Wei Zheng: No, you, you, you, you're…
Duy Nguyen: You come out, what kind of, what kind of.
Wei Zheng: data now. You still try to do that knowledge graph, you know?
Wei Zheng: Okay.
Duy Nguyen: I will try to, like, Complete the deadline as soon as possible.
Duy Nguyen: I will, like, I'm… I'm gonna…
Duy Nguyen: send for you the output from my output by Friday this week.
Wei Zheng: But anyway, the thing is what? You first, as I said before, you need to understand what the author's doing.
Wei Zheng: You need to fully understand what is author.
Wei Zheng: step by step, how they come out from…
Wei Zheng: The literature come out of the 28, is that?
Duy Nguyen: Yep.
Wei Zheng: And you can't… Free disease… feed their publication to the chat GPT or whatever.
Wei Zheng: You can ask them.
Wei Zheng: So if we want to do the user agent.
Wei Zheng: how we do that? For each step.
Wei Zheng: You know what I mean?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, I understand that.
Wei Zheng: Yeah, I will also work on it now. I will work on it, and then I will communicate it with you. But now the basic idea is now, okay? You first…
Wei Zheng: You do… you see… you will see how many steps for the author?
Wei Zheng: Pulls are awesome!
Wei Zheng: They, they, they have to do.
Wei Zheng: How many steps the author have to do in order to guard their result from January the 28th
Wei Zheng: general… identify.
Wei Zheng: 28 publications. And then… Try to,
Wei Zheng: Whatever. Try to identify the big concept. Oh, what do they try to identify? They try to identify the…
Wei Zheng: Zawa.
Wei Zheng: The intervention, effective intervention, for different type of people.
Duy Nguyen: Yes.
Wei Zheng: And then, you just said… How they can do this, and then what kind of agent can do this?
Wei Zheng: And…
Wei Zheng: Yeah, I will work on, probably I will provide something, okay? But you now just try to continue to do what we… we talked about before. Try to… already, you already come out with some identity, right?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, cheers.
Wei Zheng: And try to do the iterative and see, they can improve on… they can got improved, and that can match whatever the author have.
Duy Nguyen: Yep.
Wei Zheng: Okay?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, I, I…
Wei Zheng: Okay, okay, okay. You sent me the, the letter, is that?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah.
Wei Zheng: The sign letter, the sign letter you sent me.
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, I understand you.
Wei Zheng: Okay, okay, okay.
Wei Zheng: Logan, okay.
Duy Nguyen: I… I hope you understand, because this… this month, I have to, like.
Duy Nguyen: prepare the document, apply to Jackson State University, and…
Wei Zheng: Have you done that? Have you done that?
Wei Zheng: Have you done that or not?
Wei Zheng: You haven't done yet, you know? So what's the deadline? What deadline?
Duy Nguyen: I have to submit everything by… March.
Duy Nguyen: First… first day of March.
Wei Zheng: Or a box as well.
Duy Nguyen: I have to, like, prepare for the GIE, and took the GIE, and… When they need to pack?
Wei Zheng: when they need a tech GIE? When they need a tech GIE?
Wei Zheng: when they need a GRE score? Before the march?
Duy Nguyen: I don't know, because I sent the email for…
Duy Nguyen: For Jackson State University, but I don't… Have any reply from them?
Wei Zheng: Do you look at their website when they need the GRE?
Wei Zheng: They need the GIU, when you do the application, when they submit the application.
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, when I'm going to submit the application.
Wei Zheng: You need to do the GRE now, you know?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, I need to do the GIE, I need to prepare for the GRE and do the GRE right now.
Duy Nguyen: And any paper… And, senior project, and my project, our, our project.
Duy Nguyen: For… for… for this, man.
Wei Zheng: Hmm.
Duy Nguyen: And… and this month is kind of hard for me, because…
Duy Nguyen: the two weeks of, ice storm, ice storm. And the last week, I, I, I sick, for the whole week, I, I just, like, stay at home.
Duy Nguyen: Because I'm sick.
Wei Zheng: And I, I just have, like.
Duy Nguyen: In a half of a month, to do everything.
Duy Nguyen: I'm so sorry about that.
Wei Zheng: Okay, let me think of it, okay, let me think of it. But you just do whatever you can do.
Duy Nguyen: You don't need to worry about it, because I will complete the…
Wei Zheng: Yeah, you just do whatever you should do, okay? I will consider that. How can we… because that is not too much time left, okay?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah.
Wei Zheng: Okay.
Wei Zheng: Yeah, okay, you just do… try to do your best, do whatever you can do for this… for this, draft paper, okay? You know, we need to come out with some results. We need to come out with some…
Duy Nguyen: I will come out with the result by Friday, by Friday, this week, because we just have 10, 10 more days, right? For the draft.
Wei Zheng: First, you need to change the criteria and see what's the result you can come. You do the third. You probably just simply change the criteria for the web collaboration, you know what I mean?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah.
Wei Zheng: You see what the result it is.
Wei Zheng: And then you will identify the entity, okay?
Duy Nguyen: Okay.
Wei Zheng: Probably we will talk about, yeah, after, after probably the, after weekend, okay?
Duy Nguyen: Yep.
Wei Zheng: Okay.
Wei Zheng: I'm so sorry about that. Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay.